Update README with dependencies following issue discussions (#13)
ansible-collections/community.proxmox: README.md

[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/ansible-collections/community.proxmox)](https://codecov.io/gh/ansible-collections/community.proxmox)
[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/ansible-collections/community.proxmox)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/ansible-collections/community.proxmox)
-->
## Our mission

> The Ansible Proxmox community team’s mission is to make automating Proxmox with Ansible nicer, better and more automated then ever!

Reviewer: Either use a regular apostrophe here, or silence the ansible-test warnings (by adding ignores to `tests/sanity/ignore-2.xxx.txt`):
```suggestion
The Ansible Proxmox community team's mission is to make automating Proxmox with Ansible nicer, better and more automated then ever!
```
(BTW, you can also remove `tests/sanity/ignore-2.(15|16).*`, since these are no longer needed.)

Author: Oh right, that's probably from copy pasting from the group description on the forum :grimacing:

## Tested with Ansible

Ansible-core 2.17, 2.18, and the current development version of ansible-core.

## External requirements
In order to use the modules in this collection, you'll need:

  * Python >= 3.7

>   * Proxmoxer >= 2.0

Reviewer: Can you also adjust `requires_ansible` in `meta/runtime.yml`? That's the main location used by ansible-core, Galaxy, and antsibull-nox to figure out what's supported :)
